Add acceptable and unacceptable conduct conflicts (#5)
gvanzin-allegheny/code-of-conduct: conduct.md

#### Acceptable Conduct

> - Openness. (vulnerability)

Reviewer: Can you please elaborate on this point. What do you mean by that? How does it apply in the context of the class interactions and conduct?

> - Retain team members ideas is a form of respecting everyones thoughts and opinions.

Reviewer: I think rephrasing this sentence can increase its clarity. Some restructuring would be very helpful

Reviewer 2: I like the idea, perhaps you could further highlight how students should work to prevent conflicts.

> - Openness. It is important to be vulnerable in your group so that they understand your strengths and weaknesses within coding. Being open will help your team members know what you are capable of doing so they do not assign you something that you would not understand. This could prevent confusion and reserve time. Being open can also allow your team members to help you with problems with your code that you did not catch or understand.

Reviewer 3: All of these points contain great ideas! But, they don't conform to the format that the class agreed upon in [issue  #1](https://github.com/cmpsc-203-s22/code-of-conduct/issues/1). Specifically, they are not one sentence long and do not start with "Students...", as the class decided. Could they be reworded to follow this format? It would help the consistency throughout the conduct guide.

- Humbleness. Being humble is a form of humility it is important for everyone in a team to understand that it is not about one person.

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- Resentment
- Lack of Communication. With communication within a group 

> - Ego. Software engineering is a team effort so having an big ego can disturbe the workflow of the group.

Reviewer: Again, I think some of these points could be elaborated on. Especially how they apply or how they are not acceptable. Please be as specific as you can

Reviewer 2: Avoid one word sentences if possible. I like that the main idea seems to be having humility. Perhaps this could be elaborated on further.

> - Humbleness. Being humble is a form of humility it is important for everyone in a team to understand that it is not about one person but that it is about the team.

Reviewer: I really like points 2 and 3, they explain how we can prevent conflicts from starting altogether. But I'd like to see some elaboration or changes in point 1. There is no doubt that openness can help while working in a team, but how does it help specifically in the context of preventing conflicts **between group members**. This section is not really concerned with technical skills while coding.

> - Humbleness. Being humble is a form of humility it is important for everyone in a team to understand that it is not about one person but that it is about the team.

Reviewer: The sentence structure here is a bit weird. Humbleness and humility are synonymous. So saying that "Being humble is a form of humility" is kinda stating the obvious. Instead, you could rephrase it to something along the lines of this:

```suggestion
- Encourage humility: Being humble is an important aspect of working in a team to. It helps in understanding that it is not about one person but that it is about the team. 
```
You can also expand that to talk about how it helps in avoiding conflict if you'd like.

> - Lack of Communication. Within a group, communication is key to keep the team on track. One way to practice good communication is by giving good criticism which is a form of respect.

Reviewer: There is already a section concerning communication, so while this is a really good point, it might not fit here the way it's currently phrased. You could rephrase it to say something along the lines of how miscommunication and using inappropriate language escalates conflicts, which is why it's unacceptable.

> - Lack of Communication. Within a group, communication is key to keep the team on track. One way to practice good communication is by giving good criticism which is a form of respect.

Reviewer: I'm not entirely sure what you mean by this:
"One way to practice good communication is by giving good criticism which is a form of respect.". What is "good" criticism and how is it a form of respect?

Another note is, again, this point is more so concerning the communication section. In my opinion, it would be sufficient to just say this:
```suggestion
- Lack of Communication and miscommunication are primary causes of conflict. Abiding by the conducts described in the communication section prevents escalation and avoids issues from the start. 
```
However, I leave that up to you and the team to decide.

> - Ego. Software engineering is a team effort so having an big ego can disrupt the workflow of the group and leave them feeling less important which is not respecting others.

Reviewer: Changing "not respecting others" to "not respectful of others" has a better flow in my opinion. What do you think?

#### Acceptable Conduct

- Openness. Students being open will help your team members know what you are capable of doing so they do not assign you something that you would not understand in which doing this could prevent confusion and reserve time.
- Retaining team members ideas. Students must keep or reserve someones idea to let your teammates know that they are heard within the group and their opinions matter which is a form of respecting everyone's thoughts and opinions.

> - Encourage humility. Students must know that it is important for everyone in a team to understand that it is not about one person but that it is about the whole team because software engineering is a team effort in which everyone needs each other to properly finish a project.

Reviewer 3: These are all great ideas about how students should generally behave in the course. However, these acceptable and unacceptable conduct should relate specifically to conflict--they should describe what students should do if a conflict arises. For example, should students first try to resolve the conflict between themselves? What if the conflict escalates? Should they involve the instructor?

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- Resentment. Students must know that this will disrupt the flow of the team and can lead to miscommunication and/or using inappropriate language which can cause tension increases conflicts.
- Lack of Communication and miscommunication. Students must know that within a group, communication is key to keep the team on track and one way to practice good communication is by giving good criticism to your teammates.
i.e When reviewing their code, tell them what they should or should not do but in a respectful way to prevent miscommunication and/or telling them what you like that they did and suggest what you think would be best.

> - Ego. Software engineering is a team effort so having an big ego can disrupt the workflow of the group and leave them feeling less important which is not respectful to others.

Reviewer 3: Each of these points should be one sentence long. Right now, they are all at least two sentences long with the short first sentence, e.g. "Resentment.". Could they be reworded so that the second sentence includes the concept introduced in the first such that the first is no longer needed?

> - Ego. Software engineering is a team effort so having an big ego can disrupt the workflow of the group and leave them feeling less important which is not respectful to others.

Reviewer 3: Similar to my comment above, this section should describe what students should not do if a conflict arises. For example, they probably shouldn't try to escalate the conflict or ignore it.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- Openness.

>     It is important to be vulnerable in your group so that they understand your strengths and weaknesses within coding. Being open can also allow your team members to help you with problems you did not catch or understand withing your code.

Reviewer 4: Thanks for your hard work. Based on the issue tracker of the main file ( the one which is not in our fork), the subject is better to be "students" other than "you". Please consider to use "you"

#### Acceptable Conduct

- Openness. Students being open will help your team members know what you are capable of doing to help avoid them from assigning you something that you would not understand.
- Retaining team members ideas. Students must reserve someones idea to let your teammates know that their opinions matter which will prevent conflict
- Encourage humility. Students must know that software engineering is a team effort and that it is not about one person but that it is about the whole team.

#### Unacceptable Conduct

> - Resentment. Students leaving this unresovled must know that this will disrupt the flow of the team and can lead to miscommunication and/or using inappropriate language which can cause tension and increase conflicts.

Reviewer 4: "unresolved" instead of "unresovled"

> - Lack of Communication and miscommunication. Students must know that within a group, communication is key to keep the team on track and without it is can cause your team to fail a project.

Reviewer 4: How about deleting "is" in front of  "case"

> - Ego. Software engineering is a team effort so having an big ego can disrupt the workflow of the group and leave them feeling less important which can cause your team to fail a project.

Reviewer 4: Using "a" instead of "an" in front of big.
